A resolve DCTL plugin designed for sharpening video using convolution sharpening. Ideal for sharpning the soft video seen with Canon DSLR cameras (such as the Canon 5D mark iii) to gain a more detailed, crispy, and unhaloed image - the latter artifact caused by sharpening edges using a unsharp filter.

I tried to look for ways to sharpen video just like how Premiere Pro did, but found out the ways that sharpening in resolve happens differently - all based off unsharp mask. Although this can increase sharpness by sharpening edges in video, it could result in halo artifacts similar to the in camera sharpening in Canon DSLRs - which looks very electronic, unnatural, and in general awful. During my research, I learned about convolution matrices as that is the sharpening in premiere pro - the "sharpen effect"  - works. I modified the code from https://github.com/capebulbs/ConvDCTL and modified it into a sharpening plugin by using a matrix transform that allows the sharpening amount to be tuned. In the end, the images produced from this plugin is similar to the sharpen effect in Premiere pro, and I find it makes my footage much more detailed - closer than 1080p than 720p as it looked like without the sharpening - even though the camera is on 1080p mode with sharpening turned all the way down

If using this plugin, please turn in camera sharpening all the way down when using Canon DSLRs and sharpen using this plugin in post. I am not sure how this will work on other cameras but it does help me out with my 5D Mark iii. I suggest not cranking up the sharpness above 2 as 1 is already really sharp and could amplify image noise - please take a look at the PDF for more details

This plugin only works with the studio version of resolve, as the free edition does not support DCTLs

There is alot of information about this in the wiki page, so please have a look. It explains why I decided to make this plugin in detail
